While writing my one pager for this project my schedule was significantly different from my current schedule. There has been a good amount of changes that has been made to the project when compared to the one pagers that was submitted earlier in the semester. To list some of the things that have changed from the initial one pager. First thing that changed it was the ability powers that I intended to add. The reason why I was not able to implement this even though it seems like a simple implementation is that I had unexpected changes in the schedule along with the amount of time I expected the game to take being significantly lower than what I actually was. Ahead of submission I had the movement of the game down, but after making changes to the movement to make it more of how I want I had to make significant changes so the movement feels better than just some basic movement with just vector2 and increasing the velocity. So what I did was implement friction along with acceleration so that the player could feel the game is different from the others. By doing so I was able to achieve one of my goals which was to have a unique movement so that the game was simple but something that players would get better at over time. 
Now to go into the second thing that has changed from the initial report is that I changed the amount of bosses and how the levels are structured. Originally I wanted to implement at least 3 different levels with each introducing a new level of difficulty making the game challenging. But what I realized after creating the first enemy was that I could change the difficulty of the enemy instead of creating new ones. I also decided to perfect the enemies by implementing animation, audio, and giving the player a unique approach at killing players. Now to address the changes that were made to the original map idea, I originally wanted to implement a long map on the same x-axis but that was so typical and boring. After trying a few different map layouts I decided to create a map where the player has to climb to reach the end of the level and enable the player to be able to keep on playing the same map and try to set the best record before moving forward to the next level. By taking this unique approach I am creating an opportunity for the players to spend hours perfecting their mechanics and set a record at the game that only those who truly enjoy being challenged can complete and set a time that can only be beat by the 1%.
One other change that I made was to the players ability to take multiple approaches to reach the end goal. The player is able to take different routes but the difference in time is difficult to notice unless you have spent significant time on the game. Because I have designed the map so that experienced players are able to do tricks to avoid certain high health point mobs and reach the end faster than those who are just trying to complete the level and move to the next one to experience the game. Also a significant amount of time was spent testing the game and improving the scripts to ensure that players could cheat and beat the game by simply giving them selves 1 million heath points and just run through the enemy without having to worry about dying and restarting the level.
